Update ReadMe (#114)
PowerShell/PSDesiredStateConfiguration: README.md

# PSDesiredStateConfiguration module

> **NOTE: A new version of this platform is in development. Although the direction is language agnostic, the vision includes compatability with existing commmunity resources. Please submit your feedback on [DSC version 3](https://github.com/powershell/dsc).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: The next generation of this platform is in development. Please submit your feedback on [DSC v3](https://github.com/powershell/dsc).**
```

Reviewer 2: We can use the built-in alert syntax:
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The next generation of this platform is in development. Please submit your feedback on [DSC v3](https://github.com/powershell/dsc).
```
Which renders as:

> [!NOTE]
> The next generation of this platform is in development. Please submit your feedback on [DSC v3](https://github.com/powershell/dsc).
